This is the first file to be added to the GIT repository. 
Following are the definitions of the commands as mentioned in the exercise.

git clone: This command is used to clone the github repository onto the local server (india futuresystems in this case). The command syntax is "git clone <clone 
URL>" The clone URL can be accessed from the repository to be copied in the github.

git add: This command is used to move the untracked files to staging area of the git which can be tracked after the changes are added to the git repository. The 
command sysntax is "git add <filename>" where filename is the name of the file that needs to be tracked and addedd to github

git commit: This command is used to commit the tracking changes made on the repository. This means that all the files that were addedd to the staging area will 
be tracked by github as a single change as a result of this command. The command sysntax is "git commit -m <Comment to identify the changes made>"

git push: This command is used to update or share the local changes or additions to the repository with the remote github repository. In a simpler word, this 
command pushes the changes to the github repository.  The command sysntax is "git push origin master"

git pull: This command is used to pull or refresh the local server or repository with all the latest files in the remote github repository server. This helps in 
keeping the local server in sync of any modification that happened in the remote server. The command sysntax is "git pull origin master"

The difference between remote and local repository can be explained as follows:

Remote Repository: The main github repositoy that is the original source. This is hosted remotely on the github server and can have all the data and files from 
different local repositories.

Local Repository: This is the user's own terminal or the india system where he clones the remote repository to work on changes and update the remote repository. 
It is primarily a copy of the remote repository that helps him to work on files locally.
